# PROFILE
👋 Hi, I'm Serin Issac.

An aspiring professional looking into a career transition from the role of Assistant Professor/ Consultant in the field of Civil Engineering to the field of software development as a Business Analyst. With over 7 years of experience in both teaching and industry within the field of Civil Engineering, I have established myself as a mentor, team leader, and consultant, during this tenure. Being proficient in MS Excel, SQL, Power BI, and Tableau, I am now seeking a career change to apply my established consulting and analytical expertise in delivering effective solutions to business challenges. Solid understanding of Agile project management, with practical knowledge of Scrum and Kanban methodologies for iterative development and continuous improvement. Experienced in creating interactive dashboards using Tableau, Power BI, and Excel to present key business insights and KPIs. Basic knowledge of Python and R, with an understanding of data manipulation, analysis, and visualization techniques. Proven ability to lead and collaborate with cross-functional teams to achieve project goals, ensuring alignment and efficient workflow. Strong analytical mindset with a focus on identifying root causes and providing data-driven solutions to complex business problems. Participated in live projects that focused on business process analysis and developing insights for improved decision-making, as part of internship at AI Variant.

📫 How to reach me: serin.issac@gmail.com
